
This Fuhu/nabi Privacy Statement outlines the privacy practices associated with information collected via Fuhu and nabi brand devices, web properties and applications (each, a "Fuhu/nabi Property"). Please note: while Fuhu and nabi are now part of the Mattel family of companies, other Mattel, Inc. websites, applications and online services are subject to a different privacy statement. We encourage you to review carefully the privacy statements for all sites, services and applications that you visit.

We want to provide you and your child with an interactive and personalized experience. We may use personal contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number, and other information that can be linked to you as a specific individual ("Personally Identifiable Information") as well as other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement and applicable law. This Privacy Statement applies only to the operation of Fuhu/nabi Properties that directly link to this Statement. We may work with business partners who offer web sites, online services and/or apps that are governed by the partner's privacy practices, and not this Privacy Statement. We recommend that you check the applicable privacy statement each time you use any web site, online service, or app so you understand how your personal data will be used, and by whom.

We encourage you to review our complete Privacy Statement in detail, as it includes important information, but provided is a short summary for convenience. You can also link to specific topics by using our Table of Contents.

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Parents must register Fuhu/nabi devices and download apps on behalf of their children. We take many special precautions to protect the privacy of children under 13.
	We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from children without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, except in limited circumstances authorized by law.
	We collect some information (like IP address, mobile device UDID, operating system, etc.) automatically and use technology like cookies to provide functionality and support our operations.
	We do not ask for more Personally Identifiable Information than is necessary for a child to participate in an activity.
	We offer parents the ability to control children's activities or turn certain features on nabi devices on and off using the nabi "mommy" mode. Parents may also record messages to their children in nabi "mommy" mode
	Some devices enable children to take or post photos, videos, messages or location information. You must provide consent to allow your child to use those features.
	Parents can ask us to update or delete their children's information by logging into their account or emailing us at nabiprivacy@mattel.com
	We offer apps and devices for children, but our websites are intended for parents. If we offer websites intended for children, we will update this Privacy Statement and offer a mechanism for you to identify child-directed websites.

A. WHAT PERSONAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT USERS DO THE FUHU/NABI PROPERTIES COLLECT?
The Personally Identifiable Information we learn from our end users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Fuhu/nabi Properties. Here are the types of Personally Identifiable Information we gather.

Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on a Fuhu/nabi Property or give us in any other way. For example, you provide information to us when you search for a product; place an order through a Fuhu/nabi Property or one of our third-party affiliates; register your Fuhu/nabi device, provide account or profile information; communicate with us by e-mail; complete a questionnaire or a sweepstakes/contest entry form; provide and rate products or product reviews and access other interactive areas of our site. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with information such as your name, your child's name, or other information about your child, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; other users to whom purchases have been sent; content of e-mails to us; and financial and credit card information. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests; allowing your child to use our tablets and access applications; customizing future shopping for you; improving our services, product offerings and stores; and communicating with you. Information may also be aggregated, by which process your Personally Identifying Information is removed, and used in various ways as further described below. We collect certain personal information from you to set up an account, like your name, email address, and credit card number when you make a purchase. We may collect other information from you or your child in connection with a specific product, app, activity or function, such as birthdate, gender or other information, but we will notify you about that in advance. We collect this information in order to create an account for your child so that you may manage what they are able to do with Fuhu/nabi Properties, such as our site, within mobile applications and with the Fuhu/nabi devices (such as what games they may play, websites they may view, videos they may watch, music they may listen to and applications they may use and download), and who they are able to connect with, and to enable your child to play with our Fuhu/nabi devices and use apps available from us. You are also able to view any private messages, including photos or videos, that may be sent to and from your child.

When you use our Mobile Applications and devices, we automatically collect information such as the serial number and operating system version. We use this information so that we are able to deliver the correct content to the device and mobile applications for purposes of billing, version management, and other similar account management-related features.

Information Collected Automatically: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies", and we obtain certain types of information when you access a Fuhu/nabi Property, or access advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of a Fuhu/nabi Property on other Web sites. Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from the Fuhu/nabi Property, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of the Fuhu/nabi Property for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. Analytic information may be collected by Fuhu/nabi or a third-party provider.

We do not ask you for, access, or track any location based information from your device while downloading or using our mobile applications or devices. If you upload or share photos using a camera on our device, we require parental consent. Under our app developer agreement, third party applications developing apps for us are not permitted to track or access any location based information from your device when accessing and using them. Some apps available in our app store are created entirely by third parties, so are not subject to this Privacy Statement. Always review privacy policies and terms carefully before downloading or using any app or online service.

Cookies: Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that may be transferred to your device's hard drive (or other storage device) through your online interaction with one of our websites to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide certain features, such as maintaining your online session in a "logged-in" state for purposes of product registration and access to account management features, providing personalized recommendations, storing items in your Shopping Cart between visits and analyzing and enhancing your experience on the Fuhu/nabi Properties. A cookie gets entered into the "Cookies" folder (or other commonly used storage area for Cookies) on your hard drive (or other storage device) after you close your session, and may be used by your device on subsequent visits.

The Help portion of the toolbar on most Web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies (except flash cookies, as described below), how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether (except flash cookies, which cannot be controlled the same way, as described below). However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the essential features of the Fuhu/nabi Properties, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, we may not be able to customize the site's features according to your preferences and you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Fuhu/nabi products and services that require you to sign into your account.

We may use LSOs in connection with some content at our websites. LSOs act like cookies in that they store information to provide you with a more customized experience, but LSOs can store complex data that cookies cannot, and LSOs are not deleted or rejected if you set your browser to delete or reject cookies. The information stored in any LSO deployed by a Fuhu/nabi Property does not include your name. Although browser settings will not allow you to manage LSOs, you may be able to manage them in other ways. To find out more about how to manage or delete LSOs, visit https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html

Mobile Analytics: We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile devices and applications. This software may record information such as whether an application is launched, how often a customer uses the applications, the events that occur within the applications, aggregated usage, and performance data. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal contact information you submit within the mobile device or applications.

Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and combine it with information we collect from you. For example, we may receive account information, purchase or credit redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants who work with us to provide products and services to you.

Social Media (Features) and Widgets: Some Web sites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Share This button, or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it

Targeted Advertising: We may work with third party online or mobile network advertisers that use cookies, pixels, transparent GIF files, Java script or other non-cookie technology to help us manage and deliver advertising at Fuhu/nabi Properties, and measure its effectiveness. These technologies enable third party ad networks to recognize your computer, tablet or mobile device and may be placed by us, our network advertising firm(s), or by another advertiser that works with our third party network advertiser(s). The information that is collected and shared in this fashion is de-identified and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. However, it is linked to the device identifier of the device you are using to keep track of all the sites you have visited that are associated with the ad network. This information may be used for the purpose of targeting advertisements based on those interests, and to learn which ads bring users to our Properties. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of non-cookie technologies, and browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on non-cookie techniques.

Many major digital advertising networks participate in the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance, two organizations that offer opt-out tools. Participating network advertisers will be listed at those sites. Opting out means that you will still see ads, but they may not be tailored to your specific interests. Section C contains more information.

B. What we do with the information we collect.
We use your information to allow you to search for a product; place an order through the Fuhu/nabi Property or one of our third-party affiliates; provide and update account or profile information; manage your child's chore list, coins, and FK university; provide you a way to purchase, recycle and send back your nabi tablet; communicate with us by e-mail, complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form, provide our products and services to you, and improve and enhance our products and services, or as otherwise permitted by law.

Aggregated information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually.

We also collect information, including your Personally Identifiable Information, to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content. For example, we may use information collected on a Fuhu/nabi Property to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service Privacy Statement and other legal documents, like End User License Agreements (EULA), new or additional products and services offered by us, our affiliates and business partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and other topics we think you might find of interest.

C. How we share the information we collect with others.
We are not in the business of selling your or your child's Personally Identifiable Information, and we will share it with others only as described in this Privacy Statement.

We share Personally Identifiable Information with affiliated businesses that either are subject to this Privacy Statement or follow practices that are at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Statement. For example, we may partner with third parties so that you can access their products or services through a Fuhu/nabi Property. We may offer you the chance to register with that third party through us. In that case, Personally Identifiable Information you provide may be shared among us. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions because we notify you on the page where the information is entered, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party. If you do not desire to share your Personally Identifiable Information with that party, you can elect not to enter the requested data. This may result in your inability to participate in the feature or service being offered in conjunction with that third party.

We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf such as analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing mobile content, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, processing coin and other token purchases for apps and app add-ons, redemptions of coin and other tokens for apps and app add-ons, and providing customer service, and otherwise supporting our operations. They have access to Personally Identifiable Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes, like marketing their products or services to you.

Information we collect may also be used for other purposes including, but not limited to, site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service, payment processing service, and customer support provider, for example) may access such information.

Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Fuhu/nabi customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your Personally Identifiable Information. If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your communications preferences accordingly within your account or follow the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication.

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. If all or substantially all of the Fuhu/nabi assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets, including your Personally Identifiable Information. In all such transactions, your information will remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policy or statement (unless you consent). You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your Personally Identifiable Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personally Identifiable Information.

We release account and other Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the rights, property, or safety of our users or others; or to investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases. This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personally Identifiable Information from customers for commercial purposes except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Statement.

Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when your Personally Identifiable Information will be released to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. We do work with business partners, including digital advertising networks, to help us manage our sites, apps and operations. Because relationships may change the list of business partners may change without notice.

Name of Third Party Partner: Google
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: IP address, computer and connection information, URL clickstream
Partner's purpose: Analytics
Link to Partner's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

Name of Third Party Partner: Facebook
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: Website activity from paid/unpaid ads
Partner's purpose: Track website actions, Retargeting Ads
Link to Partner's privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation

Name of Third Party Partner: Chartbeat
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: IP address, computer and connection information, Website activity
Partner's purpose: Analytics
Link to Partner's privacy policy: https://chartbeat.com/privacy/

Name of Third Party Partner: AddThis
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: Website activity
Partner's purpose: Share buttons
Link to Partner's privacy policy: http://www.addthis.com/privacy

Name of Third Party Partner: Retargeter
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: Website activity, click interactions
Partner's purpose: Retargeting Ads
Link to Partner's privacy policy: https://retargeter.com/legal

Name of Third Party Partner: Yahoo
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: Website activity, click interactions
Partner's purpose: Display Ads, Retargeting Ads
Link to Partner's privacy policy: https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/products/developer/index.htm

Name of Third Party Partner: Adroll
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: Website activity, click interactions, Browser information
Partner's purpose: Retargeting Ads
Link to Partner's privacy policy: https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy

Name of Third Party Partner: Spongecell
What info is shared with or collected by this partner: Device information, website interaction, time spent
Partner's purpose: Retargeting Ads
Link to Partner's privacy policy: http://www.spongecell.com/privacy-policy

As described in Section A, we may work with digital advertising networks. Please visit the NAI opt-out page or the DAA opt-out page to access opt-out tools available from those participating in the programs. Participating network advertisers will be listed at those sites. Opting out means that you will still see ads, but they may not be tailored to your specific interests.

Please note: your opt-out choices are browser-specific and device-specific.
You may not opt-out of information collection from our service providers.

If you have any inquiries regarding our partner's privacy practices or how they use your child's Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us directly at nabiprivacy@mattel.com

D. Your choice to opt out.
If you choose not to provide information needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of Fuhu/nabi Property features and functionality, you will be unable to participate in such features and functionality. Some Fuhu/nabi services allow you to share Personally Identifiable Information with others. Social sharing features (like messaging, chat and photo-video sharing features) available through Fuhu/nabi Properties directed to children require verifiable parental consent. We may require that you pay a fee and use a credit card to indicate your consent to access these features

If you do not want to receive marketing e-mails from us, please adjust your communications preferences.

E. Linked sites and advertisements
We expect our business partners advertising networks and third party content providers to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to a Fuhu/nabi Property you may link to, or view as part of a frame, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through a Fuhu/nabi Property you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. We are not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.

F. Which information can I access?
We give you access to your Fuhu/nabi account information and your preference selections for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.

If your or your child's Personally Identifiable Information changes, or if you no longer desire to use our service, or no longer wish to allow us to collect or use your child's information to contact them, you may: request deletion of your or your child's information; correct, update, and delete inaccuracies by logging into your account on our Web site or otherwise through the platform; or by using this Children's Personal Information Access Request form.

We will retain your and your child's information for as long as your or your child's account is active or as needed to provide you or your child services. If you wish to cancel your or your child's account or request that we no longer use the information to provide you or your child services, contact us at nabiprivacy@mattel.com. We will retain and use your or your child's information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

G. How secure is my information?
We take reasonable steps to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We strive to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal contact information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We work to protect the security of your sensitive information (such as a credit card number) during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information that you input. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer, take care with entering passwords or personal information in public, and be mindful of the physical location of any mobile devices that you may use with our services.

H. Where does my data reside?
The Fuhu/nabi Properties are located in the United States and are subject to U.S. law. The servers that make the Fuhu/nabi Properties and services available and the databases where we house information may not be in your country of residence, and applicable privacy laws may differ. However, we take reasonable steps to safeguard Personally Identifiable Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. By using the Fuhu/nabi Properties you agree to the transfer, collection, processing and use of data as set forth in this Privacy Policy, our Terms and Conditions, and any other terms provided at the time of collection.

I. What Are My California Privacy Rights?
Under California Civil Code รยง 1798.83, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please complete and send us the Privacy Request Form. We will respond to you within 30 days of receiving such a request.

J. Do You Respond to Do Not Track Signals?
Some web browsers may transmit "do not track" signals. Web browsers may incorporate or activate these features differently, making it unclear if users have consciously activated them. As a result, at this time we do not take steps to respond to such signals. You can manage your cookie preferences using your own browser settings to accept or block some or all cookies, or receive notice so you can consent to cookies. If you block all cookies some features of our site may be unavailable to you.

K. Contacting us
We can be reached by contacting:

Fuhu/Nabi Brands
Consumer Services
636 Girard Ave
East Aurora, NY 14052
1-855-ASK-NABI
FAX: 716-687-3494
e-mail: nabiprivacy@mattel.com

L. Changes to this policy.
We may update this Privacy Statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make material changes to how we use Personally Identifiable Information previously collected from children under 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the child's Personally Identifiable Information.

Last updated: September 14, 2016
